(LOOΠΔ appeared as a full group!)
All: Hello, we are LOOΠΔ!
JinSoul: Guess what today is!
(Today is the day the first fan event as a full group!)
Choerry: Look, I watched the chairs after I arrived here!
HaSeul: 12 chairs!
Choerry: It’s totally different from usual fan events!
JInSoul: Guess how long the event will take!
Chuu: How about 6 hours?
HyunJin: I hope we will spend a long time with fans!
Kim Lip: I guess we all have a lot to talk because it’s been a while since we’ve had a fan event~
Kim Lip: So I hope we will have a great and long time with fans!
Kim Lip: And now we’ve got to go and prepare the fan event~
Choerry: See you soon!
All: Hello, we are LOOΠΔ
Kim Lip: Thank you for coming to our very first fan event as a full group
HaSeul: How is it? Aren’t you excited?
‘Yes~’
HaSeul: Okay, then shall we start the fan event?
HeeJin: Good~ it’s fun!
HyunJin: Excited!
HyunJin: Super cool!
HaSeul: I’m having a great time~
HaSeul: I will do my best! Fighting!
YeoJin: Ta-da~ it’s a crab! Isn’t it cute?
ViVi: I’m having fun because I can talk with them a lot
ViVI: and there’re many fans who came from overseas~
Kim Lip: I think doing it with all members make it more brighter~
Kim Lip: Anyway I think like this!
JinSoul: It’s very fun!
JinSoul: Doing it as a full group… you know, it’s super fun!
Choerry: I’m feeing good because of the fans!
Choerry: It’s giving me energy!
Yves: There are a lot of fans from overseas
Yves: I’m happy!
Chuu: I can’t get enough of the fan event~
Go Won: All 12 members are here and it’s very crowded
Go Won: And it makes me more excited!
Olivia Hye: It’s more fun because it’s been a while since I had it last time!
(Everyone including singers and fans is enjoying the fan event!)
(The photo time!)
HaSeul: How was it? You guys are meeting the whole group for the first time!
HeeJin: It’s our first fan event as a whole group
HeeJin: A lot of fans cried and told us that they really missed us~
HeeJin: However, you know this is just the beginning.
HeeJin: I’m sure that we have a lot of time to spend together.
HeeJin: So I hope that we will meet more often~
HeeJin: Thank you for your time today~
All: Until now, we’re LOOΠΔ!
(Thank you again for your time, Orbit!)
Kim Lip: Our first fan event is over like this~
HaSeul: We’re very happy and so excited!
YeoJin: However, I was sad because time flew so fast!
Yves: At first, I was waiting so long because there were many member before me!
Yves: But, it was good because I could make eye contact with many fans while waiting!
Yves: And we can see each other more often
Yves: I think today would be a great stepping stone to more fun and great time for us!
Chuu: Today’s fan event was very fun!